add explanation about setting secrets in environment variables (#60)
hypermodeinc/docs: modus/app-manifest.mdx

**Don't include secrets directly in the manifest!**

If your connection requires authentication, you can include _placeholders_ in
connection properties which resolve to their respective secrets at runtime.

> When deployed on Hypermode, set the actual secrets via the Hypermode Console,

Reviewer: let's move the local instructions ahead of deploying on Hypermode

  The API key for the Dgraph database.
</ResponseField>

### Working locally with secrets

> When you run the app locally using `modus dev`, the runtime replaces all the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run your app locally using `modus dev`, the runtime replaces the
```

placeholders of the manifest with values from environment variables defined in
your operating system or in `.env` files.

The environment variables keys must be upper case and follow the naming
convention:

`MODUS_<CONNECTION NAME>_<PLACEHOLDER>`

For example, with the following manifest:

```json modus.json
{
  "connections": {
    "openai": {
      "type": "http",
      "baseUrl": "https://api.openai.com/",
      "headers": {
        "Authorization": "Bearer {{API_KEY}}"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> Modus runtime substitutes `{{API_KEY}}` with the value of the environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Modus runtime substitutes `{{API_KEY}}` with the value of the environment
```

variable `MODUS_OPENAI_API_KEY`

> An easy way to define the environment variables when running `modus dev` is to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An easy way to define the environment variables when working locally is to
```

use the file `.env.dev.local` located in your app folder.

For the previous manifest, we can set the key in the .env.dev.local file as
follow:

```text .env.dev.local

> MODUS_OPENAI_API_KEY="your actual openai key"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MODUS_OPENAI_API_KEY="your openai key"
```

```

> You must exclude `.env` files from your source control. `modus new` does that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should exclude `.env` files from source control. Projects created with `modus new` exclude these files
```

> automatically for you when creating the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically when creating your project.
```
